So, guys, now let us quickly summarize that what we have learned in this module, so we have learned
how to create static and dynamic liberty, and we have also learned how to create executable from application
source file, which is turn dependent on external libraries.
This is tap is called linking.
Right.
And we have also understand the steps for compilation and linking.
But now there are certain questions which should pop up in your mind.
What exactly is static and dynamic libraries are?
How do they work?
Why do we need two flavors of different types of libraries?
So this is what we will going to discuss at some point of time later in discourse.